tasks: add info on db size limits and autodeletion (#2428)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/asynchronous_operations.mdx

2. When your task reaches the front of the queue, Meilisearch begins working on it. Task `status` set to `processing`
3. Meilisearch finishes the task. Status set to `succeeded` if task was successfully processed, or `failed` if there was an error

<Capsule intent="note">
**Terminating a Meilisearch instance in the middle of an asynchronous operation is completely safe** and will never adversely affect the database.
</Capsule>

### Canceling tasks

You can cancel a task while it is `enqueued` or `processing` by using [the cancel tasks endpoint](/reference/api/tasks#cancel-tasks). Doing so changes a task's `status` to `canceled`.

<Capsule intent="note">
Tasks are not canceled when you terminate a Meilisearch instance. Meilisearch discards all progress made on `processing` tasks and resets them to `enqueued`. Task handling proceeds as normal once the instance is relaunched.
</Capsule>

### Deleting tasks

> Completed tasks remain visible in [the task list](/reference/api/tasks#get-tasks). To delete them manually, use the [delete tasks route](/reference/api/tasks#delete-tasks).

Reviewer: Since we never really define what « completed » or « finished » means, I think it could be nice to list it what do you think?

```suggestion
Finished tasks (succeeded, failed, or canceled) remain visible in [the task list](/reference/api/tasks#get-tasks). To delete them manually, use the [delete tasks route](/reference/api/tasks#delete-tasks).
```
